I've tried to describe the structure of variables in enghabw here.

------- Patrick's understanding of the switch(i, x) and other fields ----------------------
switch(i, 8)   is the temperature of a device
switch(i, 11)  is a bitmask of what coolants a device is connected to
switch(i, 12)  is a coefficient that models how much power a device loses to resistive
               heating
switch(i, 13)  is a scaling factor for how quickly a device passively loses heat to the
               environment
switch(i, 14)  is some sort of thermal conductivity between device and coolant 2
switch(i, 15)  is some sort of thermal conductivity between device and coolant 1 or 3 or
               the atmosphere
switch(i, 16)  is the 'resting' temperature above which a device will cool faster

other switch values aren't relevant for temperature

coolant(i, 0)  is the temperature of coolant loop i
coolant(i, 1)  how quickly a loop is being cooled by radiators/atmosphere
coolant(i, 2)  is how quickly a loop gets cooled by the atmosphere

RAD(i, 0)      Is how good at cooling a radiator is
RAD(i, 1)      Which coolant loop a radiator is connected to

coolantPUMP(i) is a bitmask of coolant pumps connected to coolant loop i.
               0 for none, 1 for the secondary hab pumps, 2 for the primary, 3 for both
               coolant loop 3 only has one pump

DEVICEs%(i)    Simulators use this array to inject various faults

EL(6)          is the voltage of the main hab power bus
EL(7)          is the voltage of the secondary hab power bus

------- Patrick's understanding of the code at label 850 and 860 ---------
The subroutine at 850 and 852 calculates heat gain due to resistive heating, and also heat
loss to passive and active cooling.

Resistive heating is a very small coefficient, between 1e-8 and 1e-10. Simulators can
increase the resistive heating using SWITCHs%(dev).

delTEMP1 calculates passive heat loss from the device to the environment, without coolant
delTEMP2 calculates cooling from coolant loop 1
delTEMP3 calculates cooling from coolant loop 2
delTEMP4 calculates cooling from the atmosphere
delTEMP5 calculates cooling from coolant loop 3

If the device is above its 'target' resting temperature (e.g. 25), it will cool slightly
faster.

A device cools much faster if it is very hot (all delTEMPs are multiplied by the square of
the device's temperature)

Every 1 degree that coolant cools a device by, the coolant increases by 1*k degrees (where
k is the relevant thermal conductivity factor for the device)


The subroutine at 860 and 861 calculates the radiators cooling off the coolant.

The primary hab coolant pumps power off if the primary hab power bus is less than 9000 V.
Same for secondary coolant pumps if secondary bus is less than 90 V, and AYSE with less
than 90,000 V.

Simmies can selectively disable radiators.

Coolant is cooled by radiators and atmosphere. Coolant cooling rate increases
quadratically with coolant temperature.
